## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/Calvyn82/stp. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

# Getting Vagrant up and running

The Vagrant build is designed to allow users on systems not conducive to developing in Rails, namely Microsoft Windows, to participate. To that end, there is a Cheffile and a Vagrantfile included in the repository.

You use vagrant to set up and run a virtual machine, so you'll need to allow for at least 2GB of space.

The configuration of the Cheffile and Vagrantfile are a variation on the version outlined [here](https://gorails.com/guides/using-vagrant-for-rails-development).

You'll need to install [Vagrant](http://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html) and [Virtualbox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads) for whatever operating system you are using.

You'll also need to install the following Vagrant plugins:

`vagrant plugin install vagrant-vbguest`
`vagrant plugin install vagrant-librarian-chef-nochef`

Navigate to the app's root directory and type:

`vagrant up`.

This will install the Vagrant build for you.

Once that is completed, you can ssh in to the Vagrant Box by typing:

`vagrant ssh` 

Once you're in the Vagrant shell, navigate to the rails app with:

`cd /vagrant`

You'll then have to install bundler, reset the load path and bundle.

`gem install bundler`
`rbenv rehash`
`bundle`

This should get you all of the gems necessary to run the app.




## License

The code is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
